off-chain workers recipe (#162)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/3-entrees/off-chain-workers.md

# Off-chain Workers

> 

Reviewer: Link to pallet directory on github should go here (right after title). See other recipes' texts for example.

		match res {
			Ok(()) => { debug::native::info!("off-chain send_signed: acc: {}| number: {}", acc, submission); },
			Err(e) => {
				debug::native::error!("[{:?}] Failed to submit signed tx: {:?}", acc, e);
				return Err(<Error<T>>::SendSignedError);
			}
		};
	}
	Ok(())
}
```

We have a function reference to `Call::submit_number_signed(submission)`. This is the function we are going to submit back to on-chain, and passing it to `T::SubmitSignedTransaction::submit_signed(call)`.

You will notice that we run a for loop in the returned result. This implies that this call may make multiple transactions and return multiple results. It is because this call actually signs and sends the transaction with each of the accounts that can be found locally under the application crypto (which we defined earlier in `pub mod crypto {...}`). You can view this as the local accounts that are managed under this pallet namespace. Right now, we only have one key in the app crypto, so only one signed transaction is made.

Eventually, the `call` transaction is made on-chain via the `create_transaction` function we defined earlier when we implemented `CreateTransaction` trait in our runtime.

> If you are wondering where we insert the local account in the pallet app crypto, it is actually in the node runtime.

Reviewer: it is actually in the <del>node runtime</del> outer node's service. (link to rustdocs for substrate service)

src: [`nodes/kitchen-node/src/service.rs`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/recipes/tree/master/nodes/kitchen-node/src/service.rs)

```rust
pub fn new_full(config: Configuration<GenesisConfig>)
	-> Result<impl AbstractService, ServiceError>
{
	// ...snip
	let dev_seed = config.dev_key_seed.clone();

	// ...snip
	// Initialize seed for signing transaction using off-chain workers
	if let Some(seed) = dev_seed {
		service
			.keystore()
			.write()
			.insert_ephemeral_from_seed_by_type::<runtime::offchain_demo::crypto::Pair>(
				&seed,
				runtime::offchain_demo::KEY_TYPE,
			)
			.expect("Dev Seed should always succeed.");
	}
	// ...snip
}
```

## Unsigned Transactions

### Setup

> For unsigned transactions, we have the equivalent setup in the pallet configrable trait. In the first step, we add back the `SubmitUnsignedTransaction` associated type.

Reviewer: configur**ation**

...
```

> Referring to the code at [`pallets/offchain-demo/src/lib.rs`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/recipes/tree/master/pallets/offchain-demo/src/lib.rs), there is an `offchain_worker` function inside `decl_module!`. This is the entry point of the off-chain worker that is executed once after each block generation. So we put all the off-chain logic here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Referring to the code at [`pallets/offchain-demo/src/lib.rs`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/recipes/tree/master/pallets/offchain-demo/src/lib.rs), there is an `offchain_worker` function inside `decl_module!`. This is the entry point of the off-chain worker that is executed once after each block generation, so we put all the off-chain logic here.
```

> Eventually two kind of transactions are sent back on-chain from off-chain workers, **Signed Transactions** and **Unsigned Transactions**. Signed transactions are used if the transaction requires the sender to be specified. Unsigned transactions are used when the sender does not need to be known, and additional logic is written in the code to provide extra data verification. They are set up differently and detail as follow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two kinds of transactions can be sent back on-chain from off-chain workers, **Signed Transactions** and **Unsigned Transactions**. Signed transactions are used if the transaction requires the sender to be specified. Unsigned transactions are used when the sender does not need to be known, and additional logic is written in the code to provide extra data verification. Let's walk through how to set up each one.
```

}
```

> Now if we build the `kitchen-node`, we will see the compiler complain that the trait bound for `Runtime: frame_system::offchain::CreateTransaction` is not satisfied. We learn that when using `SubmitSignedTransaction`, we also need to have our runtime to implement the [`CreateTransaction` trait](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-alpha.3/frame_system/offchain/trait.CreateTransaction.html). So let's have our runtime implement this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now if we build the `kitchen-node`, we will see the compiler complain that the trait bound for `Runtime: frame_system::offchain::CreateTransaction` is not satisfied. We learn that when using `SubmitSignedTransaction`, we also need to have our runtime implement the [`CreateTransaction` trait](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-alpha.3/frame_system/offchain/trait.CreateTransaction.html). So let's implement this in our runtime.
```

You will notice that we run a for loop in the returned result. This implies that this call may make multiple transactions and return multiple results. It is because this call actually signs and sends the transaction with each of the accounts that can be found locally under the application crypto (which we defined earlier in `pub mod crypto {...}`). You can view this as the local accounts that are managed under this pallet namespace. Right now, we only have one key in the app crypto, so only one signed transaction is made.

Eventually, the `call` transaction is made on-chain via the `create_transaction` function we defined earlier when we implemented `CreateTransaction` trait in our runtime.

> If you wonder where we insert the local account in the pallet app crypto, it is actually inserted in the node runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are wondering where we insert the local account in the pallet app crypto, it is actually in the node runtime.
```

}
```

> By default, unsigned transactions are rejected by Substrate runtime unless they are explicitly allowed. So in the second step, we write the logic to allow unsigned transactions for certain particular dispatched functions as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, unsigned transactions are rejected by the Substrate runtime unless they are explicitly allowed. So in the second step, we need to write the logic to allow unsigned transactions for certain particular dispatched functions as follows:
```
